Add "request_queue_size" option to REST API server (#2643)
zalando/patroni: docs/ENVIRONMENT.rst

-  **PATRONI\_RESTAPI\_ALLOWLIST\_INCLUDE\_MEMBERS**: (optional): If set to ``true`` it allows accessing unsafe REST API endpoints from other cluster members registered in DCS (IP address or hostname is taken from the members ``api_url``). Be careful, it might happen that OS will use a different IP for outgoing connections.
-  **PATRONI\_RESTAPI\_HTTP\_EXTRA\_HEADERS**: (optional) HTTP headers let the REST API server pass additional information with an HTTP response.
-  **PATRONI\_RESTAPI\_HTTPS\_EXTRA\_HEADERS**: (optional) HTTPS headers let the REST API server pass additional information with an HTTP response when TLS is enabled. This will also pass additional information set in ``http_extra_headers``.

> -  **PATRONI\_RESTAPI\_REQUEST\_QUEUE\_SIZE**: (optional): Sets request queue size for TCP socket used by patroni REST API server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **PATRONI\_RESTAPI\_REQUEST\_QUEUE\_SIZE**: (optional): Sets request queue size for TCP socket used by Patroni REST API.  Once the queue is full, further requests get a "Connection denied" error. The default value is 5.
- ```
